<!DOCTYPE html>

<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, user-scalable=yes" />
  <title>SRCF Committee Meeting - 11 November 2021</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" href="https://www.srcf.net/_srcf/vendor/css/bootstrap.min.css" />
  <link rel="stylesheet" href="https://www.srcf.net/_srcf/srcf-bs.css" />
</head>

<body>
  <main class="container">
    <div id="doc" class="markdown-body container-fluid">
      <h1 id="SRCF-Meeting-Minutes">SRCF Committee Meeting &ndash; 11 November 2021</h1>
      <h2>Held at 7 Tennis Court Terrace, to discuss:</h2>
      <ul>
        <li>Sponsorship by Symbolic Capital Partners (SCP) and associated matters</li>
        <li>The possibility of a VPS at Mythic Beasts</li>
        <li>The current state of the SRCF as a society</li>
        <li>Reimbursements</li>
      </ul>
      <h2>Present:</h2>
          <ul>
            <li>Matias Wang Almeida e Silva (<code>mw781</code>) &ndash; Chair</li>
            <li>Andrew Jenkins (<code>adj35</code>) &ndash; Secretary</li>
            <li>David Bai (<code>zb260</code>) &ndash; Publicity Officer</li>
          </ul>
        </li>
      </ul>
      <p><strong>Witnessed, approved and countersigned by those in attendance (full name &amp; date):</strong></p>
      <p>
        MATIAS SILVA 15/11/2021<br>
        ANDREW JENKINS 15/11/2021<br>
		DAVID BAI 15/11/2021
      </p>
      <p>Start of meeting at 1520</p>
      <h2 id="mythic-beasts">Mythic Beasts</h2>
      <p>
The SRCF has a longstanding relationship with Mythic Beasts. We are
already a customer of theirs through our domain registration. With the
impending closure of Hermes, we need a replacement mailbox and if one
could be had with Mythic Beasts this would be ideal.
      </p>
      <p>
There has been an written exchange in the past, and Matias has
previously emailed them once about sponsorship, and they had proposed an
affiliate-like scheme where we could recieve money for people we
directed to them. It is understood that the SRCF had previously been
offered a VPS.
      </p>
      <p>
Our most pressing concern is therefore to follow up the possibility of a
free or cheap VPS. This will be the responsibility of Andrew, once
Matias has forward existing correspondence to him. If this turns out to
be possible, we will provide to Mythic Beasts the benefits we provide to
our sponsors (see SCP below), in particular noting how helpful they are.
It is noted we already direct people towards Mythic Beasts on our docs
if they want something we can't offer.
      </p>
      <h2 id="symbolic">Symbolic Capital Partners</h2>
      <p>
Our contact at Symbolic is an SRCF alumnus. They have given us money in the
past, but nothing had been provided as yet by the SRCF in recognition of their
support. The company has jobs or internships available which might be of
interest to our members, and wondered if there was an effective vector such
that this reached people who might be interested, rather than spamming everyone
and causing irritation.
      </p>
      <p>
In the discussion of what the SRCF could do for sponsors, and in light
of the amount of money in question, it was agreed that we should offer
SCP the following:
</p>
<ol>
	<li>Inclusion on our sponsors page. It was noted that this should
		probably have happened already.
	</li>
	<li> A mention of their job/internship opportunity on an end-of-term
     bulletin (see discussion on SRCF as a Society, below) or in an
     email to our careers mailing list (noting that that list should
     be reinvigorated in order for it to be worthwhile)
	</li> 
	<li>A notice on the shell server MOTD that there is an opportunity with
     them that may be of interest to our members. This is precedented
     in that we already recognise individual donors. It is not too
     intrusive, but likely to reach the technically inclined people who 
     would be interested. It is hoped that our users will appreciate
        <ol style="list-style-type: lower-alpha">
        
		<li>That the SRCF needs funding if it is to offer its services
			for free,</li>
		<li>That the work at SCP is of a technical nature and is likely
			to be of genuine interest to some of our users, and</li>
		<li>That the MOTD is an effective way to reach these individuals.</li>
	</ol>

     It is understood that the possibility of including a note about a
     sponsor in the MOTD has been discussed in the past.

     This will be for an as-yet undetermined limited period only and
     should not be taken to imply that the MOTD is a space for rent.
    </li>
</ol>
<p>
  It was suggested that the prominence of the careers mailing list could
  be increased by:
</p>
<ol>
	<li>Adding an option to join it when joining the website via Control
		Panel,</li>
       	<li>Adding an option to join it when signing up to the volunteers'
		form, and</li>
       	<li>By mentioning it in one message to the volunteers' list, and in the
		end-of-term bulletin to users.</li>
</ol>

<h2 id="society"> On the SRCF as a society </h2>
<p>It has been observed by participants in <code>#society</code> on the IRC
that the SRCF is not living up to its name, in that with its current slate of
sysadmins, it cannot reasonably be called 'student-run'. The discussion of this
subject was non-exhaustive as not all members had reviewed the IRC.
</p><p>
It was noted that at the freshers' fair, a number of prospective members wondered 
what we actually 'did': recreational server maintenance is quite a hard
sell. The point was raised that there should be a place for a class of
member who wants to be more involved with the community than the typical
user, but who needs to feel that they are a part of a community (or will
become part of a community) before they are prepared to make the
committment involved in becoming a sysadmin.

</p><p>
Our hackday this term achieved good attendance but was not felt by
current sysadmins to have been especially productive in light of the
friction in getting set up and the early finish. The possibility of
more regular sessions with lower expectations was raised, and it was
noted that we have a 'chicken-and-egg' problem in that constraints on
sysadmins' time mean we can't run as many events to recruit new
sysadmins as we might like, and that therefor the demand for sysadmins' 
time was not eased.

</p><p>
Matias agreed that he would review the discussion in <code>#society</code> and that
we would discuss this further at a later date.

</p><p>
It was agreed that we would look into ways we could become more like a
more typical university society. This term, we agreed that we would
issue an end-of-term round-up bulletin email to our users (like many
societies do already) that would cover what we've been up to and working
on. The purpose of this is twofold: to make people outside the IRC loop
more aware of what's going on, and to provide somewhere we can recognise
our sponsors until we increase membership of the careers list. Writing
and sending this email is to be the responsibility of the Publicity
Officer, in consultation with the committee and sysadmins. We also
agreed that we would organise a volunteer/sysadmin pub meeting in the
hope of giving volunteers a more relaxed opportunity to meet and to
discuss plans: 'a hack day without the hacking'.
</p> 

<h2 id="reimbursements">Reimbursements</h2>
	<p> It was noted that:</p>
<ul>
	<li>Malcolm still hasn't been reimbursed for sales and purchases on behalf
		of the society.</li>
	<li>Andrew and David have incurred expenses on behalf of the club for the
		Freshers' Fair and welcome event, and the Hack Day respectively.</li>
	<li>The bank account has not been remandated yet.</li>
</ul>

<h2 id="action-points">Action points</h2>
<p> Matias: </p>
<ul>
	<li>Forward Mythic Beasts correspondence to Andrew. </li>
	<li>Review the sysadmin signup form and make sure there is a workflow
		attached to welcome people and get them involved.</li>
	<li>Add Patrick to the bank account mandate.</li>
	<li>Contact the Senior Treasurer with a brief update on our activities.</li>
	<li>Review the recent discussion in <code>#society</code>.</li>
</ul>

<p>Andrew:</p>
<ul>
<li>Follow up Mythic Beasts contact once Matias has forwarded it.</li>
<li>Discuss what we planned to offer SCP with them, and oversee its
	implementation.</li>
<li>Email Treasurer with receipts for reimbursement.</li>
</ul>

<p>David:</p>
<ul>
	<li> Write end-of-term roundup email at the end of term.</li>
	<li>Email Treasurer with receipts for reimbursement.</li>
</ul>

<p>
Close of meeting at 1602
</p>

    </div>
  </main>
</body>

</html>
